>> Sarah Drasner: Okay, so
how did I do these diagonals?
This is an SVG.
So I make this piece of the content here,
this hero.
I made it a certain color.
And then I made an SVG, and
I just drew this path value
basically said, okay, the view box.
If you're not familiar with SVG, think
of it like a giant piece of graph paper
that goes out in every single direction.
And the view box is
this tiny little window
that you're looking at
that piece of graph paper.
So things can be outside of it but
you're really only seeing the thing
that's inside the view box.
So basically, remember how we said X,
Y ,X, Y for all the standard?
So how that's view boxes work too.
So in that graph paper, we're
plotting a point 00, and it's 0X, 0Y,
then draw 500, 500, we get the view box.
Then inside of there,
you can draw path points and lines.
And I won't cover that
in a lot of detail now.
Tomorrow, I tell you
everything about that.
So if you're back here tomorrow,
then you'll learn all that stuff, or
you can watch it online later.
So you can basically just draw shapes.
You can just say here, to here, to here.
And I could have used a polygon for
it as well.
I chose to do a path because
it was a bit smaller.
But, really, it doesn't matter.
And this is just a triangle.
It's just a triangle.
But the kind of secret sauce is
this preserveAspectRatio none.
And by putting preserveAspectRatio none,
it scales to the width and
height of the container, no matter how
big or small it is in any direction.
So usually,
SVG can scale with their container, but
they're going to stay consistent.
So that if you have a face,
it's not like [SOUND].
[LAUGH] preserveAspectRatio
none is basically saying,
just fill the whole thing up.
So I have an implicit size for
this area, and
then as I go across, it also works for
responsive for mobile.
So it kind of just fills whatever
space but it has an implicit height.
So I could have also made the height
a little bit smaller on mobile if I wanted
to, but I was kind of fine with
it being a different shape.
And then I can repeat that and
use it again and again down the thing.
Any questions about that?
Make sense?
Cool, cool.
SVG is good for drawing because it's
built with math and it's also not a hack.
When you draw shapes in CSS,
you're actually hacking something
that's meant for a layout into drawing.
And when you're using SVG, it was really
just built for drawing on the web.
That's its job.
So you're not actually hacking anything,
you're just using it for
what it's intended for.
There's another way of making these
kind of clip-paths, and that's with CSS.
You can actually use this clip path
maker to do things like this for
images and things like that,
if you wanna make cool shapes with images.
The one thing I will say though, and this
is a really cool tool, it's called Clippy.
So write Bennett Feely Clippy.
You're gonna end up somewhere else if you
just write Clippy into your browser window
and look it up.
Bennett Feely is the person
who built this tool.
And it has all sorts of different ones,
and it also allows you to do custom ones.
So you can see how simple that code
is down there, clip path polygon.
And that's really nice, except it's not
super well supported in all browsers.
I think it's, I can't remember but we're
gonna show you that on the next slide.
SVG though, using SVG for
clip-paths, is well supported.
All over the place.
So you could either use SVG as a fallback
or just use SVG as a clip path.
Or you could do what I did with the shape
outside and say, if you don't support it,
fine, but if you're Chrome,
show this cool thing, kind of thing.
This Pen by yoksel goes on and on and
on, and it shows every kind of clip.
So using CSS,
using clip-path, using masks,
using SVG, using,
it shows how to use it multiple ways.
It's super cool.
And she has this like browser support
things and they automatically update.
So you can always go there to find
out what the browser support is and
also what the code looks like.
And also what, and
it's live, so everything is,
you can go check out the code for
the page too.
She's amazing.
So you should definitely
check out her work.
Anyways, she's just like a browser genius.
I don't know.
And one of the more under
appreciated devs out there.
This code pin that I
made with React Motion.
This is done with the same kind of
principle of that preserveAspectRatio
none, where you have this kind
of background with an SVG.
And I kind of changed the content
based on how much is here,
and then also that SVG in the background
is just like preserveAspectRatio none.
And it's there mostly for
display kinda purposes.
So it's just like a reactant SVG layout,
that is a little bit more
interesting than some other layouts.